welcome sunset motors my name is Frank
Gerard
it's a sharp 2005 Nissan 350z black on
black the black top beautiful car very
low miles only 28,500 405 that's very
low okay brand-new set a tire brand new
top with a nice dual exhaust it's a fun
car quick
good reliable great resale value get the
HID headlights of bright white
headlights got clean Carfax nonsmoker it
does have power windows locks and
mirrors get the nice leather seats in
excellent condition
no sign of excessive wear or stains or
anything very comfortable and they are
powered on both sides and heat it on
both sides got clean carpets and formats
only 28,000 541 miles
very sporty display he's got tilt cruise
tilt and cruise as you wiper control is
your headlight controls
the ninth sport gage up here is outside
temperature you push this button here
and you can talk on distance Mt average
miles per gallon the timer as tire
pressure is coming on
it takes it a minute
friend rear but it's coming
no pressure
voltage
storage compartment am/fm six CD
cassette Bose radio automatic
transmission with the AutoStick you can
bump it down shift with no clutch
automatic timer control you just dial
the temperature you want stores some own
stores and cupholders I do have the exit
key on this manual as you can see the
passenger side is very clean too it is a
power top I'm going to try to show you
how it works there's a button on the
dash we just close it there it comes
pretty nifty just all by itself
you think that's left where it takes two
hands but anyway
so about that it's been a hard a film
into it but you get the picture and now
I got this roll the windows it is a new
roof - so it's little tight need some
stretching
great sound it's all factory plenty of
horsepower very fun to drive a nice Tina
windows so this triple black black top
black interior and black car does have a
trunk and your trunk storage stays the
same with the top up or down just you
get the same space get the cargo net
18 inch aluminum wheels with a new set
of tires
get a real glass we're ready froster and
the top is new
3.5 liter 287 whores clean your power
reliable and decent fuel mileage for a
sports car you can expect in the mid 20s
looking for a nice sports car with very
low miles well equipped in excellent
condition
I believe you found it we do have very
competitive financing available with low
interest and payments to see if this car
still for sale go to my website sunset
modeling calm it's on the websites for
sale if not is sold worldwide shipping
is also available to get a shipping
quote if you have any other question
give me a call anytime 12 freeze eight
six six nine three three four six eight
zero thank you for watching